Telex Anticensorship system
---------------------------

Telex is a new approach to circumventing Internet censorship that is
intended to help citizens of repressive governments access online services
and information freely. It involves placing anticensorship technology into
the Internet's core network infrastructure, through cooperation from large
ISPs. Telex can convert innocuous-looking connections that pass through
these ISPs into connections to a proxy server. Because of its position in
the network, Telex has no IP address for censors to block. 

Telex consists of two parts: a Telex station at the friendly ISP, and a 
telex-client that runs on the user's system. We have created a
proof-of-concept implementation, including a small demonstration "ISP"
running the Telex station.

For more information, see our website https://telex.cc

telex-client
--------------------------

The Telex client program accepts TCP connections from other software on
the local machine and tunnels them to services offered by the Telex
station. For our demonstration, we have configured the Telex station to
provide HTTP proxy service.

To build the telex-client from source, see the INSTALL file in the
telex-client directory.


Running telex-client
--------------------------

After installing Telex, run the client binary from the telex-client
directory (from a command prompt):

LD_LIBRARY_PATH=./req/local/lib ./telex-client notblocked.telex.cc

Or for Windows:
    telex-client notblocked.telex.cc

To use Telex with your browser, change your browser's settings to use an
HTTP(S) proxy of 127.0.0.1 port 8888.

Reported Blocking
--------------------------

On Sep 16, 2011 we confirmed reports of DNS blocking in China for the
notblocked.telex.cc domain. Since our current deployment only has a
handful of websites that can be used as unblocked websites, this is an
effective method of blocking until Telex is deployed on a wider scale.

A partial list of domains that can be used to communicate with telex is
shown below:

notblocked.telex.cc
notreallyblocked.telex.cc
jhalderm.com

-------------------------- 
WARNING: This software is an experimental prototype intended for
researchers. It does not provide strong security and is UNSAFE FOR
REAL-WORLD USE. For details of current limitations of our
proof-of-concept, please see telex-client/ISSUES.
